Verificando cobertura
laravel/laravel: False
blueimp/jQuery-File-Upload: False
get_codecov
fzaninotto/Faker: 56.03
symfony/symfony: False
composer/composer: False
danielmiessler/SecLists: False
laravel/framework: False
domnikl/DesignPatternsPHP: False
guzzle/guzzle: False
bcit-ci/CodeIgniter: False
Seldaek/monolog: False
get_codecov
sebastianbergmann/phpunit: 84.66
get_scrutinizer
PHPMailer/PHPMailer: 72.8
get_codecov
briannesbitt/Carbon: 100.00
get_coveralls
yiisoft/yii2: 100
matomo-org/matomo: False
erusev/parsedown: False
get_coveralls
nikic/PHP-Parser: 95
getgrav/grav: False
phacility/phabricator: False
get_scrutinizer
filp/whoops: 57.2
get_scrutinizer
phanan/koel: 67.3
CachetHQ/Cachet: False
roots/sage: False
thephpleague/flysystem: False
get_coveralls
slimphp/Slim: 98
barryvdh/laravel-debugbar: False
Intervention/image: False
phalcon/cphalcon: False
vlucas/phpdotenv: False
get_coveralls
ramsey/uuid: 96
flarum/flarum: False
